[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer,
who has participated
in a covert military space
program for 18 years called
the Earth Defense Force.
Today, we are talking about
some of the main ET species.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>>RANDY CRAMER: Thanks
for having me here.
>>EMERY: Who are the predominant
species in our galaxy
that you know of?
>>CRAMER: Well, we have over
200,000 civilized worlds
that are made up of by
thousands of different species
and races of individuals
that are made up.
But we tend to break
them down into--
there are tremendous,
which are humanoid,
which does not necessarily
mean that they would all
appear exactly human.
But there are a
tremendous number,
which are primate evolved.
So with the human humanoids
are actually a large chunk.
But you have older species
who've been around longer.
So you have reptoids
insectoids, again, over 200,000.
If you're talking about, say,
a top 10 list of who's who
in the galaxy--
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>CRAMER: --sure.
Then we're talking about
probably the Centauri,
the Andromedans.
And we talk about the Pleiades.
There's like 20 civilized
worlds there too.
So the Cortium, which
is actually probably
the most socially,
politically dominant species
in the Pleiades, kind
of breaks down more
into consortiums of
dominant biological types.
So insectoids tend to cloister
with other insectoids.
Reptiles tend to cloister
with other reptiles.
And it's more about
trade than anything else.
You're going to have more
to trade with someone who's
the same species
as you than you're
going to have to
trade with someone
who's not the same species.
>>EMERY: So tell us
about the Andromedans.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
They're a little
more like about--
they're a little
taller than we are.
So when I say they're
close to human size,
average height might
stand between 6 and 1/2
or 7 feet tall, but not
much more than that.
If they walked into the
room, they'd seem bigger.
Or a short one might
still seem tall.
But you might not notice
right away from just heights
that they're not a Terran.
But it's usually the other
things that are the giveaway.
So they don't wear
Terran clothes ever.
So usually, they're clothes
are smart fabrics, which
are like temperature sensitive,
adjusting fabrics that
can keep you warm
when it's 20 below,
or cool when it's 125 degrees.
>>EMERY: What's
their skin color?
>>CRAMER: Pretty fair tone too.
I would say more
white than pink.
My hands a little
more pink than white.
But they're probably a
little more white than pink.
>>EMERY: Do they have a problem
with the sun in their system?
>>CRAMER: My understanding is
that it's a blue star system.
And so it's a bit brighter.
But they're also a
little farther away.
So their Goldilocks zone is in
a little different spot than us.
But, again, you wouldn't
notice too much from one
walking in the room, except
they might be a little taller.
And they might be a little
broader in the shoulders
because they tend to
be a little beefier.
>>EMERY: Tell us a little bit
about their facial features
like their eyes.
>>CRAMER: Eyes tend
to be brighter colors.
I've never seen
one with brown eyes
or like a really dark iris.
But they tend to be bluish,
greenish, lighter colors.
But I've seen some
odder colors too,
not like necessarily
colors that we have.
So even like pinker
tones, or redder tones,
or orangish tones.
Some peculiar iris colors, to
me or you, might be peculiar.
>>EMERY: What other predominant
species can you tell us about?
>>CRAMER: Socially,
politically, again,
in certainly in this
quadrant of the galaxy,
the Cortium play a major role.
They are a Pleiadian
species, but they don't often
refer to themselves as
Pleiadians because, again,
seven stars, 20
civilized worlds,
it's a lot of civilizations
there actually.
So Pleiadian is a
very generic name.
More generic than
even calling us
earthlings or soul
systemers, if we
were a part of a larger
star system saying,
those people over there,
which is super vague.
So the most specific name
that we can come up with
to describe that
translates is the Cortium.
>>EMERY: Would you say they
have the predominantly most
population of the species
you are talking about?
>>CRAMER: I don't
know if I'd call them
the greatest population.
They are the centralized
social political entity
in that star system.
So like most of the centers
for politics, trade, the head
military and policing
center's sort of there.
So they really take on the goals
of organizational civilization,
which is on a galactic
level, is more bureaucracy,
more departments, more
specialists, more people.
So they've expanded
their idea about what
politics and government
are to not just what they
do on their own planet,
but think of what they
do as being a Washington,
DC, or a Hong Kong,
or a London that covers
a much broader territory
of many, many planetoids.
So that it's a center point of
politics and civics, business,
and everything else that
they're doing there.
>>EMERY: Now, does that species
also have separate races
within the species?
>>CRAMER: Most planets,
as it turns out,
have more than one sentient
species that live there.
More often than not,
you have layering.
So you have species
that live subterranean,
terranean on the surface,
or above the surface.
There are niches in
which different species
occupy in a given world.
So most worlds don't have a
single developed occupant.
They have multiple species.
We have four or five minimum
of our own on this planet.
So Mars has four or five
minimum, maybe six or seven,
if I'm to understand
that correctly.
So as a dominant species,
there are other subspecies.
But my understanding is they
have an aquatic species that
lives under the water.
They have another
subterranean species
that also lives underground.
I believe, they're
also insectoid.
But they, again,
still operate in
this central social,
political zone for a majority
of this quadrant of the galaxy.
>>EMERY: Are these species
interacting with us
in the 3D or not?
>>CRAMER: Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
We have trade arrangements
and treaty arrangements
with all of these species.
We have been entering
into and working
on trade arrangements, treaty
arrangements for decades now.
So we're deeply involved
in intergalactic affairs,
and trade, and politics,
and the whole thing now.
>>EMERY: We, meaning who,
Randy, for the audience?
>>CRAMER: Terrans.
When I say, we, I mean, we, the
Terrans here on planet Earth.
We are very involved
now, very involved.
>>EMERY: What do you
mean, we're very involved?
>>CRAMER: I mean very
involved in the sense
that we, as a planet
of scientists,
military, social
political participants,
have become very keenly
interested to be deeply engaged
in the social
political structure
of the intergalactic
structure that we have.
So we've become very interested
in becoming full participants
in that process.
We're very interested in being
able to police our own space
and the space nearby.
And that requires being in
good relations with everyone
else who is in the larger
social political structure.
So that we are
authorized and sanctioned
to do that by the appropriate
agencies and parties.
>>EMERY: Who are the
most challenging beings
and civilizations that you
have come in contact with?
And why?
>>CRAMER: Well, I
mean, the Draconians
always present a challenge.
>>EMERY: Why is that?
>>CRAMER: Mostly because
they're mean and scary.
And they project a lot
of fear, mean, scary sort
of -ness in there.
>>EMERY: Can you give
us an example of that?
>>CRAMER: They genetically
engineer and design
their soldier combatants
to be terrifying.
So it's almost as if they
asked HR Giger to say, come up
with the scariest thing that
you can and design that for us.
>>EMERY: So it's a physical.
>>CRAMER: Oh.
>>EMERY: It's not just psionics.
>>CRAMER: Oh, no.
It's physical.
It's very creepy looking.
Everything that they
do, it's creepy looking.
It's dark and oogie.
In the moment of it, it feels
overwhelming and terrifying
because there's
a lot of psionics
doing a lot of just
what's happening
visually and psychologically.
But having encountered
it more than once,
I've broken it
down a little bit.
There's intent behind that.
It's not just that they have
a uncomfortable aesthetic
that we find grotesque
or something.
The aesthetic that they're
using in their production
of their military hardware
and their biological personnel
has the design like, artistic
design to look creepy,
to look scary, to
be frightening.
So it's not just
accidental or just
kind of that's how they look.
There's some intent to be
as scary and terrifying as
possible.
>>EMERY: Are their normal
looking Draconians,
as well, you would say?
>>CRAMER: That's
a funny thing is
what I have seen is that
the normal ones don't
look like what they think
that they look like at all.
So it appears from
what I have seen,
that they are appearing to be
a large, strong, fit reptoid.
When, in fact, they are not.
That is probably a
housing of some kind.
>>EMERY: Oh, I see.
Besides their
physical aspects, what
about their technology,
their consciousness,
their political outlook?
What can you enlighten
us about that?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
Well, other than just
the physical mechanics
of soldiers and
equipment, the black fog
is probably the scariest
part, because it's psionic.
And it comes out in a field.
And it appears to
be like a black fog,
like a black oozy fog.
I don't know how you can
even have black oozy fog.
But it looks like
a black oozy fog.
And it makes people
very uncomfortable.
To put it lightly, I've
seen people drop into a ball
and curl up into
a fetal position
and start crying in the
middle of that field,
if they're not ready for it.
They're not used to it.
So some people makes
them very uncomfortable.
Some people can make
them just terrified.
If you're used to it, then
it makes you slightly uneasy.
But if you're not
ready for it, it
can be absolutely terrifying.
>>EMERY: You portray
them very adversarial.
And is it always
that way with them?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, I
mean, they came--
From near as I understand,
they showed up in our galaxy,
some billions of years ago.
And we've been fighting
with them ever since.
So they seem to have a thing
that they don't like mammals,
particularly, humanoid mammals.
They don't like us
for some reason.
They've been having it out for
us ever since they got here.
And we've been fighting
with them ever since.
>>EMERY: How much
more advanced is
our technology or their
technology compared
to our technology?
>>CRAMER: That's an
interesting point.
They like to project, again,
that they are so much more
advanced than everyone else.
But that's not really true.
What they are is very good
at the technological cudgel.
So they are good
at technologies,
which are brute force.
And there are technologies
that are small.
They can still be thought
of as brute force in the way
in which they are applied.
So I would say that
most of their--
really, they're failing,
to be honest with you,
what would be considered
their strength--
but I consider it a failing--
is their limitation of that
creativity of technology.
Technology is a cudgel to them.
It's something to use
to beat on someone,
or oppress, or dominate with.
And it's not often
used to subtlety.
But it's only so advanced.
Once you realize that, that
it's all about the cudgel.
Once you realize that
it's cudgel technology,
and it doesn't have a
lot of subtlety to it,
then it becomes fairly
simple and straightforward
to overcome.
It really just took us
a matter of years to do.
It was going to be
inevitable that we
were going to figure it out
once we had enough technology.
>>EMERY: When there's such a
large gap in our development,
why are they
interacting with us?
Why are we so special?
>>CRAMER: That's
a good question.
I think it probably has
something to do with the fact
that we're a library planet,
which I talked about before.
I think that makes the
position of where we are
and what value the planet,
and the information
that it has on it quite
valuable and quite special.
But there could be
20 other reasons.
And half of it could just
be because they're lazy.
And they need slave labor,
and meat, and water.
>>EMERY: Are they interacting
with us on their own?
Or are they doing it through
a federation or organization?
>>CRAMER: The
Draconian civilization
is a corporate structure.
Their entire government,
their entire system
is a corporate structure.
It's a corporate structure.
So it's profit motivated.
It's backstabby.
And you either are making
profits and making gains,
or someone might literally stab
you in the back at the board
meeting and take your job.
Like, literally stab you.
>>EMERY: Now, do you see
the human development
on a similar path to any
other extraterrestrial society
models?
>>CRAMER: It depends.
It depends on what happens
over the next 10 years.
We were put on a corporatist
path by Draconians.
The corporate model
is not our model.
It's not a humanoid model.
It's a Draconian model.
And if I'm going
to be quite blunt,
the majority of
problems that we have
comes from the corporatist
structure and the mismanagement
and abuse of the
corporatist structure.
It doesn't mean that
business is bad.
Business can be good.
Business can be fair.
Business can be just.
Business can be clean.
Business can be all the
good things that it can be.
But corporatist structures are
designed to make them not so.
>>EMERY: Do they have
similar challenges,
like we do, in the
corporate structures?
>>CRAMER: I don't know that
I'd call it similar challenges.
I would say that their
structure is even
meaner and nastier, and
more deadly than the one
that we have.
And that's saying something.
>>EMERY: Are we
developing independently?
Or are there outside
ET influences?
>>CRAMER: Some of
both at this point.
We've been helped along the way.
But we are putting
a tremendous amount
of time, energy, and money
into self-driven development
as much as we can.
But we're going to be being
helped out for a while.
It's not going to be
any time soon that we're
going to be totally on our
own and not being helped out
by the other members of the
greater community of the galaxy
at large.
We're doing the best we can.
But there's always going
to be someone helping out.
>>EMERY: Now, due to the
extreme polarities on Earth
at this time, do you see any
human motives or agendas that
are in conflict that there
are extraterrestrials
influencing behind the scenes?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, sure.
That's a mouthful to try
and answer that other
than to say that most of the
conflicts that we are seeing
and that we are seeing them
vet themselves out a bit.
>>EMERY: Sure.
Give us an example.
>>CRAMER: Well, we're
seeing wars breaking out.
We're seeing potential
more wars breaking out.
And we're seeing parties
who are attempting
to take tremendous social,
political advantage
at this time.
To oversimplify,
there are those that
would like some freedom
and some democracy
where we get to vote for
what happens in our world
to be the dominant
way in which we live.
There are those who
would like fascism
to be the dominant way
in which we live where
some very tiny number
of people tell everybody
what they're going to do.
And that's the end of it.
Bad people, good people.
Good people want some
freedom and democracy.
Bad people want fascism.
And this works through the
galactic levels as well.
So those who are helping us to
be a little more free, and so
that we still get to vote on
things, are on the good side.
And those who are trying to take
that away are on the bad side.
And if it was so simple, again,
it would be already sorted out.
But it's not, which
is why we're in a war.
>>EMERY: Who are the
biggest influences
on humanity at this time?
>>CRAMER: It's a good question.
There are certainly
a number of the--
the Galactic Senate right
now is very involved
in our transition.
So that whatever
we're here to do,
and whatever we're
transitioning in,
they're very involved in the
observational part of that,
as well as some of the
management part of that,
operational part of that.
>>EMERY: And for the audience,
Randy, the Galactic Senate,
go ahead and give us a--
>>CRAMER: Sure.
That is the largest operational
body, governing body
in the galaxy in which
participating worlds
and civilizations have a
seat, have a representation
in that Senate.
Policy is discussed.
Votes are taken.
Decisions are made.
And people are sent
out to go do work
based on votes and
decisions that are made.
>>EMERY: Is it planet to
planet, or solar system
to solar system, or
galaxy to galaxy?
The representation, I mean.
>>CRAMER: It's everything.
It's always start small--
>>EMERY: Like a tier.
>>CRAMER: --and goes bigger.
It's always tiered.
We have municipal politics,
county politics, state
politics, federal politics.
You have similar
tiers that start
at what the lowest level of
interactive civil government is
and the highest levels.
So if we go above
federal here, you
go into global, galactic,
solar system quadrant totality.
So there are levels of which
we are engaged and participate
in those conversations,
questions, votes,
policy conversations.
So that we can help run
the galaxy that we live in.
>>EMERY: Out of all
the species you've
mentioned during this
program, which would you
say have the best interest
for Earth and its inhabitants?
>>CRAMER: Certainly,
the creator species--
what we refer to as the creator
species, the oldest ones--
they seem to have just the
clearest best intentions
for everybody.
Their main goal is just, we
want everybody to do better.
We want every
species to grow up.
We want every planet to evolve.
We want every civilization
to make progress.
They're like the oldest
great, great, great, great
grandparents, just
wanting all the great,
great grandkids to be OK.
And so their main goal is to
just working with everybody
to make the entire
universe a better place.
>>EMERY: Many people talk
about creator species,
but there are so
many different kinds.
From your perspective, who
are these creator species?
>>CRAMER: Sure.
There are many of which I have
only personally encountered
two.
So the bronze ones, as
they're often referred
to, and the [NON-ENGLISH]
or the [NON-ENGLISH],,
which are the only two
species that I've personally
encountered of those that are
millions of years old, meaning,
an individual being, person of
that species lives for millions
of years.
So just talking about a
completely different scaling
for life, life experience,
life expectancy, what
you expect to happen over time.
Yeah.
They have a whole different
perspective on it,
which has a lot to do with
probably what they do,
and why they do it
because they have
a bit of much longer greater
perspective of the scaling
of all of that than we ever do.
So they're always looking big,
big picture for everybody.
>>EMERY: Let's go in a little
bit more detail about those two
specific species.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
The bronze ones, which we
call them that because that's
kind of their skin tone.
It's they're kind
of bronzy colored.
They have evolved past
language or needs of words.
So names are kind
of weird for them.
And it's more like, call
us whatever you want.
And we're like, OK.
And we came up with bronze.
We'll call you the
bronze one, whatever.
They don't have a name that
they call themselves anymore.
They don't refer to things
that they do or themselves
in terms of language
because they left language
like a really, really,
really long time ago.
So my understanding
is when they basically
became spacefaring
species, they came
into a universe that was
very empty with a lot
of primordial worlds
and a lot of stars
that were still forming.
So it was a very young universe.
And instead of just going
all around and being like,
well, there's nothing out
here, they were like, hey,
look at all this fertile
soil to plant in,
and decided to just
see individual--
>>EMERY: Start creating.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
Basically, this is how they've
described it to me anyways.
Look, we come across a planet.
Go, there's a garden.
What can we plant there?
What can we fertilize?
What does it need in order
to habitat something?
Is it having a chemical
balance of something
that can evolve there?
Or does it need more oxygen, or
less oxygen, or more methane,
or more ammonia?
Or depending on
what we're making,
what does this need to develop
something that can grow?
>>EMERY: Is that including all
biological entities on Earth?
>>CRAMER: That would include
everything everywhere
for billions of years, for
a really, really long time.
>>EMERY: Including species.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, everything.
Everything everywhere,
some creator species
came along a long
time ago, planted
seeds, messed with
the soil, messed
with the air and the
water to try and make it
a habitable zone for something.
And in some cases, like our very
own planet, that can change.
Our original design for
biological development
was for giant plants
and giant animals.
Well, at some point,
someone decided
that giant plants
and giant animals
weren't going to work here.
And so they decided to
change the ecosystem.
And let's make the
plants smaller so
that the animals get smaller.
And let's do something in
a different scale here.
So sometimes, you
start somewhere.
And then you change over
time and go, oh, no.
Dinosaurs, maybe, that was
not where we're going to go.
Or maybe they evolved.
They were like, oh, Saurian
evolved species, great.
We got dinosaurs to
make spaceships, cool.
And then they left.
Hit it with a meteor.
And then let's start over and
work with the little marmosets
or something.
And let's see if we
can make some of those.
So these things can take
massive amounts of time
and aren't necessarily
ends into themselves.
They're just, well,
this is what we're doing
for this 200 million years.
And then after that, maybe
we'll do something different.
And their essential goal is
to create enough species who
can evolve, who can police
the space in which they live
because they're not
enough of the bronze ones
to police the freaking universe.
And so the goal is to have
an evolved species everywhere
that can police their own
space, and keep it safe,
and keep it healthy.
There are some horrible
things that can
happen, if that doesn't happen.
I don't want to go
necessarily into that.
But their goal is
just to do that,
and to have somebody in charge
sovereign in every corner.
So when I was having
this conversation,
this person saying, wow,
that's an amazing goal.
How long is that
supposed to take?
And he was like, it's maybe
about 20 million years,
start to finish.
I was like, oh, my god.
That's crazy.
I can't believe that.
He's like, saying no, no, no.
We're 18 million years in.
We only got two
million years left.
We're almost done.
Two million years left,
we're almost done.
It was a mind blower for
someone to go, no, no, no,
two million years,
we're almost done.
But the scale of that, if
your noggin can crank it,
which is you have a goal that's
going to take 20 million years.
And you're most of the way done.
But you still got two
million years left.
>>EMERY: What is
that end goal then?
>>CRAMER: That every
localized area of space--
>>EMERY: OK.
>>CRAMER: --will have
an evolved species
to police its own area of space.
>>EMERY: Take care of their own.
>>CRAMER: So they're only
two million years away
from the universe
supposedly being stable.
>>EMERY: From your
experiences, where do you
see our humanity
going in relation
to our evolutionary path?
>>CRAMER: Up or away.
So we either get to
evolve and move up,
or we get to go
away for a minute.
And I don't think
we're going to go away.
So I think we get
to go up and evolve.
But it's one way or the other.
There's no middle
ground, where we can just
keep doing what we're doing
for another 50 or 100 years.
It's either we get
to go up and evolve,
or we're going to go
back to being Bronze Age
barbarians for a minute.
>>EMERY: Fascinating
information, Randy.
I do believe that, as well,
that we will be evolving.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>CRAMER: My pleasure.
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]